
# Font size
~~~
font-size:[xx-small|x-small|small|medium|large|x-large|xx-large]|[smaller|larger]|<length>|<percentage>
~~~

The font-size property sets the size of the text. Being able to manage the text size is important in web design. However,
you should not use font size adjustments to make paragraphs look like headings, or headings look like paragraphs.

**Always use the proper HTML tags, like &lt;h1&gt; - &lt;h6&gt; for headings and &lt;p&gt; for paragraphs.**

The font-size value can be an **absolute**, or **relative** size.

## Absolute size:

1. Sets the text to a specified size.
2. Does not allow a user to change the text size in all browsers (bad for accessibility reasons).
3. Absolute size is useful when the physical size of the output is known.

### Pixels (px)

Setting the font size in pixel values (px) is a good choice when you need pixel accuracy. A px value is static.This is an OS-independent and cross-browser
way of literally telling the browsers to render the letters at exactly the number of pixels in height that you specified.

### Other absolute units

- mm: millimeters, e.g. 10mm.
- cm: centimeters, e.g. 1cm ( = 10mm).
- in: inches, e.g. 0.39in ( ~= 10mm).
- pt: point, where 1pt is generally assumed to be 1/72 inch e.g. 12pt.
- pc: pica, where 1pc is 12pt

## Relative size:

1. Sets the size relative to surrounding elements.
2. Allows a user to change the text size in browsers.


### Ems

The size of an em value is dynamic. When defining the font-size property, an em is equal
to the size of the font that applies to the parent of the element in question. If you haven't set the font size anywhere on the page,
then it is the browser default, which is probably 16px. So, by default 1em = 16px, and 2em = 32px. If you set a font-size of 20px on the body element,
then 1em = 20px and 2em = 40px. Note that the value 2 is essentially a multiplier of the current em size.
em units is always relative to font-size. Ems are becoming increasingly popular in web documents due to scalability and their mobile-device-friendly nature.

There is another unit called **rem (relative em)**. REMs are relative to a base font-size whereas EMs are relative to their parent's font size.

### Percent (%)
Again, the size of an percent value is dynamic. The font-size is calculated as a percent of the parent element.


### Use a Combination of Percent and Em

The solution that works in all browsers, is to set a default font-size in percent for the &lt;body&gt; element:
~~~
body {
    font-size: 100%; //16px
}

h1 {
    font-size: 2.5em; //40px
}

h2 {
    font-size: 1.875em;//30px
}

p {
    font-size: 0.875em; //14px
}
~~~

It is recommended that  **em** is used when setting font-size, padding, and margins as this will keep things balanced on different browsers and screen resolutions.
Use **%** for defining the widths of elements such as divisions and structural elements.


### Another Relative Unit

- ex: 1ex is equivalent to the height of the letter `x` in the current font.

See the **font-size** property in the following <a href="archives/Class Htmls/fontsize.htm" target= "_blank">example</a>.


