
## Font family
The font-family property is a prioritized list of font family names and/or generic family names for an element. The browser will use the first value it recognizes.

~~~
font-family:<family name>[<generic family>]
~~~

It is likely that your favourite font won't be available on all browsers. To
get around this, you are allowed to list several fonts in preference order.
You list the font that you want first, then any fonts that might fill in for the first if it is unavailable, and you should end the list with a generic font, of
which there are five: **serif** (normal fonts with serifs), **sans-serif** (normal fonts without serifs), **monospace**  (fixed-width fonts), **cursive** (fonts that emulate handwriting), and **fantasy** (decorative fonts).   
For instance:
~~~
h1,h2 { 
   font-family: Garamond, "Times New Roman", serif;
}
p { 
   font-family: Verdana, sans-serif;
}
~~~

In this example, important headings would preferably be shown in Garamond,
failing that in Times New Roman, and if that is unavailable in the browsers
default serif font. Paragraph text would appear in Verdana or if that is
unavailable in the browser's default sans-serif font.

Notice some of the fonts are in quotes and some are not. If the font name involves
2 or more words then we need to use quotes.

The legibility of different fonts generally depends more on the height of
lower case letters than on the font size itself. Fonts like Verdana are much
more legible than ones like "Times New Roman" and are therefore recommended for
paragraph text.

See the **font-family** property in the following <a href="archives/Class Htmls/fontfamily.htm" target= "_blank">example</a>.

