
# Grouping Styles Exercises 

## Exercise One
- Open the recently completed lab03 folder.
-  Modify the .css file as follows:
   - At present there are 2 separate style rules for h1 and h2, but both have the same property and value. Group the style rules together.
   
## Exercise Two
- Download, extract and open the [lab04](archives/lab04.zip) folder.	
- Create a sub folder called css.
- Open your text editor and create a blank document. Save the file as *gardens.css* in the css sub folder.
- Add the following rules to the .css file (gardens.css in the css sub folder) and in this example use ems for relative measurements (not percentages):
   body: background colour: hex EEEEEE;  colour: hex 000080; font family  Verdana or sans-serif,  size: 15px; 
     - h1: background colour: hex BDB69C; colour: hex 565B60; increase the font size by 3 times the parent value; all uppercase.
     - p: text alignment: justify and line height: 1 and half times the parent value.
     - q: font family: Comic Sans or cursive; colour: DarkSlateBlue; increase the font size by 10% of the base not the parent.
     - dt: font weight: bold and increase the font size by 10% of the parent.
     - a: font weight: bold.
     - a:link and a:visited: colour: navy and increase the font size by 10% of the parent.
     - a:hover: text decoration: no underline; colour: olive.
     - a:active: background colour: navy and colour: yellow. 

- In the lab04 folder open **index.html** and add a link tag to the <head> section that links the .css file.