
# External Style Sheets
An external style sheet provides a location in which you can place styles that can be applied
on all of your web pages. This is where the true power of CSS lies.

CSS gives you the power to set styling rules in one place. When you want to make changes to the style of
your web site, you can make changes in one place, and your whole web site changes automatically to reflect those new styles.

## Creating an External CSS File
If you are to make use of all the benefits that an external style sheet can provide, you'll
first need to create a CSS file that can be shared among all the pages of your web site.

The style rules will be input into a separate (**.css**) file. This file should be saved in a sub folder (usually called **css**) of the website folder.

## Linking CSS to a Web Page
Before your CSS can have any effect, you need to link it to the web page, or pages, to which you want the styles to
apply. To do this, you need to add a *link* element to the *head* of each and every web page that will be
styled with CSS.
~~~
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <title>Bubble Under - The diving club for the south-west UK</title>
  <link rel ="stylesheet" href="css/mystyle.css">
</head>
~~~
The *href* attribute tells the web browser where the style sheet file (in this example we called it *mystyle.css*) can be found (i.e in the CSS sub folder).

The *rel = &quot;stylesheet&quot;*  attribute of the link tag tell the browser what kind of file is being linked to, and
how the browser should handle the content.

This method is the best method as all style rules are in an external file which should be linked to all web pages. Any changes to be made to any style rules
are done once in the external file and (through the links) applied to all web pages in the website.

