
# What is CSS?

We need Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) to add colour, size, columns, and layout; we need CSS to beautify our typography; we need CSS to add background textures and images. If good HTML is the key to an organized, accessible web, then CSS is the key to a beautiful web. CSS puts the design in Web Design.

CSS is a formatting language, used to provide more customised web pages and
make it easier to make multiple pages use the same style.

CSS allows you to change elements such as text size, colour, bolding, background colours,
border styles, and even the position of elements on the page.

The word cascading describes many of the features of CSS. It means
that many stylesheets can be used and will be merged by the browser to provide a
computed style for each element.

If styles defined for one element oppose each
other, the later one will be used, unless another one more specifically refers
to the element (for example, if all body elements are red, but paragraph elements
are blue, the blue will override the red for all
paragraphs, as it more specifically refers to the desired element).

Cascading also means that each object inherits some styles from its parent
object or parent class.  The objects are referred to by their element
tag. The highest object in the structure is the body. If any elements do not
have their own CSS defined but the body does, then the cascading behaviour means
they will inherit from the body. So, if in the body we define the text colour to
be white, then any tables will also have white writing in them.

* **CSS** stands for **C**ascading  **S**tyle  **S**heets
* Styles define **how to display** HTML elements
* Styles are normally stored in **Style Sheets** 
* Styles were added to HTML 4.0 **to solve a problem**
* **External Style Sheets** can save you a lot of work
* External Style Sheets are stored in **CSS files**






